Sqlite part4 (#32)
FreeMasen/WiredForge.com: content/blog/sqlite_parser_pt4.md

+++
title = "SQLite Parser Pt. 4"
date = 2018-01-02
draft = true
tags = ["sqlite", "parsing", "decoding", "streaming"]
[extra]
snippet = "Let's start streaming"
+++

Now that we have the header parsing finished for a sqlite database, we are well on our way to getting through the whole file. In the 
next post we will start parsing the pages that a database is divided into, however before we get to to that, we should talk about a couple
of miscellaneous concerns that will be more difficult to address if we continue down our current path. The first of which is memory usage.

> Looking at our `DatabaseHeader` we can expect that the 100 bytes of our file will translate to about <!-- std::mem::sizeof<DatabaseHeader>() --> bytes

Author: 56
```suggestion
Looking at our `DatabaseHeader` we can expect that the 100 bytes of our file will translate to about 72 bytes
```

> in memory, when we add that together we get a total of <!-- 100 + sizeof<DatabaseHeader>() --> and what that isn't a ton of usage, imagine what will

Author: ```suggestion
in memory, when we add that together we get a total of 172 and what that isn't a ton of usage, imagine what will
```
